You
I
Very sorry for the late start but
No janitor kicking us out of the gym tonight, so I got here pretty late
But I'm a little committed to the streak in this stage, so I don't know if I'm gonna be able to sustain it
But I'm feeling it now. I just gotta be conservative and get it done
I
Got a lot of work done today though. Holy man did I get a lot of work done today?
and then I had practice at seven thirty until nine and then
we got home
Actually, I'm gonna change my hat right now
I
Gotta figure out how to cut that little that's sure you scheduled for 16 minutes next
He's going on French British Italian Japanese television
People everywhere are starting to listen to him. It's embarrassing
So much
Oh damn
True Drew good to see you
Pamela
Well here we are again, I feel like I've got to give them, you know
I got to give them a little airtime because I want to be fair and balanced
I think there's some TV program or some news channel. It's fair and balanced. I like the sound of that fair and balanced
Hey mark what's going on?
That guy's been up to his eyeballs and concrete lately, I think
He's a beastly man that mark
Yes, this is going biological a high-resistance low noise information brief. It's the 17th of November
We are still trying to fight our way out of this limited spectrum of debate that these people have held us in
that have sort of reinforced the views of the system and
We've got to fight our way out
Fair and balanced is the Fox News Network. Well, I don't know. I guess I could be a worse company, right? I don't know
I
See this face sliding back there behind our history keep sliding back there and then he's gone again
I keep seeing there he goes again. See him. I saw the simple step we can take and our
We can encourage our family and friends to take
Is to not take part in the lion
That that that's something that we can ask all of our family and friends to consider
Just stop perpetuating the lies stop testing
Stop talking about it like it's out there
Stop pretending like the only reason why you wash your hands is because of cold
Stop pretending that the only reason why you're concerned about your health is because of COVID. That's just ridiculous
You should have been done eating better for 20 years already
He should have been taking care of your body already for the last 20 years. That's the problem
So many of us owe a debt to our to our body and we need to pay it back
Yeah, anyway the brick wall at the back of theater is definitely visible. I know you can see it
It's just a question of how can we teach it to our family and friends?
I think a really good way to say it is challenge people to
Explain why there's no evidence of spread in New York City get them to explain why
The spread didn't cross borders
Tell them that lockdown is not a good enough reason
Infectious clones are the only real threat. We've got a we've got a I admit
I've got to do a little bit better teaching that biology in the next couple weeks thumbnail that don't worry
placebo batches were likely distributed
I think everybody understands why that could screw things up and in transfection healthy mammals is dumb
Sometimes you just got to say it like it is like protocols for murder gain a function is a mythology
Scooby-Dooers is real and the layers are committed to lies. It's a spectacular commitment to these lies right here
Lies about a novel virus lies about millions of people being killed by it lies about millions more being saved from it
Lies about gain a function being a real thing and lies about viruses that will come again
This is giggle and biological. That's right giggle and biologicals of information brief brought to you by a biologist
Who sometimes feels like he's trapped on a starship
Sometimes it hasn't been it's been a while since I've felt trapped on a starship. I guess that was
And I owe you another one I didn't
Didn't switch out all this
There we go
Hello, my name is Jonathan Cooey, and this is giggle and biological a high resistance low noise information brief brought to you by a biologist in the back of his garage
It is the 17th of November
2023 it is 8 after 10 in the evening where I am and
I am very thankful for the people that subscribe and share the work of giggle and biological
Our general message is usually the same
Don't take the bait on TV and social media
Because it is not a matter of what's true that counts, but a matter of what is perceived to be true
That's kind of an awkward quote, but it's from a very very very influential man
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
Transfection and healthy humans is criminally negligent
These two phrases are a little bit more skippy and a little bit more zippy and they're from somebody who nobody knows or cares about
But I assure you there the biological principles that they talk about and stand for are solid as a rock and
You can tell a lot from someone if they talk about me and they don't talk about this slide right here
They're basically not talking about my work
Because everything else that I'm gonna present over the next weeks and months and maybe even years is
Gonna be biology that more or less
Edifies these ideas that are to my
stage
right
Anyway
That's the end of that show
I think I've got another show somewhere, right?
Do I have another one of these somewhere
Or did I save that one as a funny one now I was gonna do this one I guess so
We are on this Scooby-Doo kick
And it is a real Scooby-Doo kick in the sense of trying to help people to understand what was done to them
Sorry for that rough transition from music to no music
I think it's really important as we approach Thanksgiving to try and give it one more world
In terms of really selling this to the people that don't really get it yet
It is much more convincing to brainwash someone by getting them to think that they solved a puzzle
you can imagine fooling four and five-year-olds by
Making them feel like they're solving a puzzle and then they could really come to the conclusion that wow those footprints on the floor
I mean that there is a monster in the house somewhere and oh wow the
Close on the floor mean that wow they might they might have
They might have went through your stuff and oh wow look the food on the counter means that they must have stolen some food
And they ate it and then oh the back door is open so they must have went out the back door
And
So then when they go out by outside and they find that I don't know the barbecue is on you can also convince the kids that wow
that monster that went through the house that left the footprints that ate the cookies and then went out the back door also lit the barbecue and
Now imagine a scenario where an intricate
combination of bureaucrats programmed for an emergency and
And media scared into believing there's an emergency and
secret meetings being used to orchestrate the response to and
coordinate the the censorship of the response to
this new perceived emergency and
Now imagine if they had rehearsed it five six seven times at a table and
two or three times for real
How good would we be at this?
how how
Accurately would be it would we be able to execute it now what I want you to imagine is
That successful execution of this theater
results in huge shifts in power huge transfers of wealth and
So now is the impetus on the system to allow mother nature to dictate how and when this occurs
Or do you think it's much more likely that at some point?
This might be the way that we are governed
That the system itself would say well, we're not going to wait for mother nature
To cause all these changes to happen to cause all this wealth to shift to cause all this power to
be available
We'll just simply orchestrate it ourselves
And it would be so easy
so easy to do it
Because again these plans these emergency plans these contingency plans have been rehearsed and orchestrated
and gamed at tables and exercises over the last two or three decades
And those of you who know your history
Know very well that that's exactly what they've been doing for a very long time and it's very hard to differentiate what we are now experiencing from
Just such an exercise
where the combination of a controlled media and a well-brief bureaucracy and
a national security apparatus capable of dictating behavior to those levels of governance
Simply by saying that certain things are classified certain things are required certain security measures are currently in place
And so therefore you can only say certain things and we have to consider the worst case scenario as a distinct
possibility on the table
and
Once the worst case scenario is the distinct possibility on the table. We are right where they want us
Once as a society we have accepted that they declared an emergency for a good reason
That the reason that they declared the emergency is actually a bona fide danger that could have happened again and
That we learned some things worked and some things didn't and we have to improve
Before the next one happens then we are essentially accepting this faith right here in pink
There was a novel virus millions of people died from it. More millions more were saved from it
The very scary possibility is is that it came from a gain of function laboratory
And therefore a virus like this one or even worse could come again
And people as
Varied as Rand Paul Tony Fauci Peter Dasek Richard Ebright
Kevin Esfelt
Jonathan Cooley in 2020 in 2021 Brett Weinstein now Robert Malone now
Are all in perfect agreement that this is the truth
So many people are excited that massy passed a bill that ban gain of function
And
By banning it you make it even more real because if it wasn't real, why would you need to ban it?
And so this carries on as the Scooby-Doo continues we are continually being reinforced that
you know
More and more people on both sides of the aisle are coming to the conclusion that this was a lab leak
And now what you're going to find very stunning ladies and gentlemen
Is that as we approach this wall of obfuscation and this wall of medlers
And right now this wall of medlers actually doesn't have any of the no virus crew on it
I think we're about to hear a video today
That is essentially going to say almost what i've said up until now in this very video from Sam Bailey
And
So i'm i'm really interested when i'm going to find i'm
cautiously optimistic
But again, there are a few patterns of behavior with these people that I need you to understand are not
congruent with them
wanting to
Save as many people as possible
And the most striking one is their
unwillingness
to really defend their position
Under any circumstances that are more or less equal or free they have to be completely defined by them
And you have to agree to certain terms
and certain boundaries
and certain topics
And
The best example I can have is uh, dr. Malick
um
Dr. Amad Malick is a podcast that i've been on he's a little bald guy from the uk really sweet
Really sweet gentleman
And he was going to have sam bailey on his show actually a couple weeks before he had me on his show
And at some point apparently she found out that he was not a no virus
Person that he was open-minded about the existence of sars kobe 2
And she promptly canceled her interview with him
And so again here you see there's a certain
There's a certain dubiousness to their behavior and so i'm as I said i'm cautiously optimistic and open-minded
And I since I want to have this be a rather efficient stream and it's already 10 20 minutes after 10
I'm just going to see what we can do here with this one now
Do I have it already? Yes, I do
But it's just on this one
I'll just move it over here
You
Children's health events were added again with fear-based narratives about lab engineering viruses
They reported that in his new book deception the great covid cover-up
Senator rand paul details the catastrophic failures of the public health emergency during the pandemic
Addressing the gain of function research funded in part by the us government paul claims dr
Anthony fauci and his scientific yes men not only knew the sars kobe 2 virus originated at china's wuhan institute of
irology but worked to cover it up and attack anyone threatening to reveal the truth
You may get the feeling that many people have been deeply asleep during the past four years
Mentioned two weeks to flatten the curve and you'll get a blank look
Even from those that dutifully repeated the foolish metro back in 2020
Those espousing the lab like cover-up story also seem to be missing things
Or they have forgotten that in early 2020 it was one of the narratives being promulgated by the mainstream media
For example, the some published a story in april that year that stated
It was revealed earlier this month ministers fear the deadly pandemic could have started after a leak from a lab
USan british intelligence officials suspect bungling scientists at the wuhan institute of virology
Accidentally spread the color during risky coronavirus tests on bats
The story included a map showing the proximity of the institute to the huwanan seafood market
And photographs said to be from inside the facility that were openly published by china daily the state run media platform
But shh it's all top secret folks then in 2021
We had the united states senate chiming in as though there was a lab leak cover-up going on and apparently caught red-handed
Big tech platforms were now reversing the censorship
We know that facebook recently reversed their decision
on taking down any kind of information
That said it came from the lab in wuhan
So the overt product placement has been done since 2020 through the mainstream media
Politicians and big tech but the lab leak proponents think that this is something that the public is not supposed to know about
Lab leak nonsense has continued to be splashed across corporate media headlines in 2023
And yet somehow the so does anybody really know whether she's
She or her husband or tom kowen or any of these other people have actually tied it together like this before
I've never heard her say it as explicitly as the lab leak was set up to
From the beginning to be a theater to make people think that the pandemic was occurring and that the only debate was whether it was a natural
Virus or whether it was a lab leak
She seems to be saying that now, but I I don't get the feeling that they have been saying this from
from the start
And I don't know how long they've been saying it or whether they're actually absorbing
some of the things that our side has been saying now and
Kind of making it sound as though, you know, since 2020 we've known that this was it's different
It's a different kind of claim right and I I hope you can see that that if
If the theater was the primary operation
Then it is still very dangerous to harp on there are no viruses. There are no viruses
There are no medicines. We don't need medicine and all this other stuff if really what they lied about was the pandemic
So i'm still trying to figure out
I
Yeah, I'm I'm confused. I mean look here
I think it's really cool. She said the PCR test in the very beginning
She said that in 2021 the lab leak narrative was pulling a lot of this story along as she had this music on
I didn't really understand. That's why I wrote that there
She points out that the emails the papers and everything they don't mean danger
It doesn't mean these things are being made it certainly doesn't mean they're creating
Gain a function or rather. They're not creating pandemic potential in the laboratory and I've said that I've got slides of it for many many
many months if not a year or more now
when these people have tried to harass me and tried to you know
get me
They attacked me quite
Quite more than they needed to when really I was trying to
In a way point out to them that you know, we're really not that far off
They they talk about the Rand Paul book when I just talked about two days ago. I mean, okay, that's great
So first the lab leak then the cover up then the censorship theater. I mean we're all talking about the same stuff now
And I have been saying the scooby-doo for a while now and before that I was still telling it like this so
I'm totally on this page. I'm just not on the page of
of
How it's being said here. I don't know it's it's strange to me. It feels very conceited or something, but
I don't want to
Maybe it's just the New Zealand accent to make it sound like that likes of Rand Paul are portraying this as a high level cover up
One thing that has been consistent during the covid era is the blanket censorship and suppression
Of the no virus arguments
I am unable to post covid related content on my youtube channel and even my video on polio was banned after just six minutes
For the past four years my viewers have informed me that simply posting a link to one of my videos
Can result in a suspension of their facebook account
Meanwhile the proponents of the gain of function narratives can post links to the new york times now
Rand Paul's entire analysis has a fatal flaw and that is taking the virologist claims at face value
He does not examine the methodologies being employed in virology
So he runs with words like isolation and gain of function to sustain the narrative that an infectious disease causing particle
Has been physically isolated and then modified to make it even more dangerous
In reality, nothing of the sort has ever been demonstrated
As well as covering the work of ron fuscié, ralf barrack and petitacic in videos
My husband mark also discussed the lab leak fallacy in a farewell to virology
His formal refutation of the virus model
We have broken down these papers numerous times to expose their pseudoscientific nature
That pervades the entire field of virology
In their promotional piece on rand paul when they stated the gain of function research funded in part by the u.s
Government chd provide a link to an article by dr. joseph mccollar
They posted on the website in april 2022. This was titled
1000 plus document make make no mistake about it
This is the second time now. She's mentioning chd in particular and she is mentioning it without actually calling it children's health defense
Without actually saying what they do
Now to me, this is spectacular because again
They've been on chd multiple times chd has held the defender has held some kind of podcast with them and maryll nasse and a few other people before
And they've talked to david or david resnick before and or if that's that that's that guy's name
They've they listened to everybody chd has people on that I I wouldn't necessarily say they should have on but they they talk to everybody
And so it's almost like biting the hand that feeds you and you know, you can barely get your message out anywhere and one of the few places
That is willing to get your message out. You just constantly send emails to people complaining that
You don't that they don't back you or that they don't give you enough credence or that they're not saying exactly what they should say
Who are they're giving?
You know airtime or attention to the gain of function narrative. I
Can't say I totally disagree with some of that
But it's like pick your battles like what what are what do they what do they really want to have happen here?
It's it
to me
Putting this on the screen, but not really just trying to make I guess they think they've already done it
Right the the farewell to virology is their thing and it's checkmate and so
The way that they win arguments is that they wave that around and they say well
If you've read that and you don't submit to us then I guess you're an idiot
and I have read it
And the papers that they choose
They refute them great
They say that the papers don't definitively show isolation of viruses or purification of viruses
But some biological phenomenon is going on there that we can sequence
That shows up in these reactions
And it's just unfortunate that really it seems to be an all-out denial of molecular biology
So they they go to old papers
And they can show you that these old papers aren't showing any direct evidence of anything
They're just showing indirect evidence of some phenomenon
That those authors clearly didn't understand totally agree
But now to be
Sort of slam dunking the ball without wanting to figure out what really happens what really is going on here
What are these signals?
What is this biology? They just want to throw it all out
Well, never mind all of immunology silly all of medicine is silly
We should just eat better food and exercise and drink water and everything will be fine
Irrespective of whether we're being transfected by air or sea or food or water
or lipid nanoparticle or
or
vaporized virus-like particles
This part of the no virus thing is what's frustrating
Because what they want you to believe is it's all lies
When we know that they've been trying to weaponize
DNA and RNA for more than 20 years
They've been trying to weaponize these small
packets of information for more than 20 years
And so they may not be very good at it
They may not be able to do it with very high fidelity
But I assure you they can make things that will annoy your immune system. I assure you they can make things that will
Disrupt physiology in your body
And these may not be viruses. They may not replicate very well
They may not do all the things that virology says they do
But
But I think that they can be used to orchestrate fear frustration confusion and even
Real biological signals that molecular biologists can find and
And confound into a pandemic
And I really feel as though there's a lot of
There's very little rather
Attempt at making forward progress with people understanding what's going on
And it's a lot of attacking and whining and and arrogance
And knowing that they won't have a conversation with you unless you agree that there are no viruses or unless you start by
Having to argue about farewell and farewell to virology. You can't have a conversation with them as you start there first
I
If you wanted to talk about what health freedom means they would first want to say
Well, do you believe in viruses or not because if you don't believe if you believe in viruses
Or you believe in infectious clones like that crazy dr. Cooley guy
Then uh
Then no, we don't want to talk to you
And this is really not this is the problem
And so this is the second time now we're bringing up chd
Even though we're just reposting joe marcola here who
You know, I don't know if joe marcola is a good guy or a bad guy, but he certainly seems to be
A patriot and doesn't seem to really uh, I don't know. I just I can't believe
That's revealed disturbing details about high risk. I'm very surprised that that chd is even in this video
That's what I'm that's what I'm you're seeing me deal with right now because
Gigo and biological supposed to be my show and it's not I've been trying very hard not to
Cross over too much and when I have crossed over it's always it's always
sketchy
As to whether it's good idea or not and so I didn't really expect a second article to be in this video
And so I'm a little frustrated by that, but I'm going on and a function experiments
But what exactly was it referring to an investigative report by vanity fair?
I kid you not mccolla and the chd think that vanity fair are going to reveal the truth about
to the public
This wasn't the first time vanity fair had presented this narrative
In fact, they published a huge feature article in july 2021
If you read this article you will see it contains nothing more than talk about people who talk about viruses
These peripheral stories about politics grants and government documents may be fascinating for the naive
But it is all fluff when you are looking for scientific evidence
Where is the virus the second vanity fair expose the one referred to in the mccolla chd article
suffers from the same problem
Amongst the a hundred thousand plus documents. Where do we find any evidence for a virus?
Halfway through the article we do see a citation
The author states that she Zengli and a preeminent coronavirus researcher at the university of north carolina
Ralph barrack mixed components of sars like viruses from different species and created a novel chimera
That was able to directly infect human cells
And the paper they linked to is this one that appeared in nature medicine in 2015
A sars like cluster of circulating back coronaviruses shows potential for human emergence
So this is the evidence they are presenting for a virus existence and laboratory engineering of such claimed viruses
Let the day section begin
As with any virology paper, you don't get distracted by the title or the abstract which contain
Venceful claims. You need to focus on the ticklish spot, which is the method section
Here we find it opens by stating wild type sars co v urbani mouse adapted sars co v
M a 15 and chimeric sars like co v's were cultured on zero e six cells obtained from united states army medical research
of infectious diseases
So right here the whole thing falls apart
They are claiming that they already know they have viruses in the starting samples
Without establishing anything of the sort they can then state that the culture cells were quote
Inoculated with virus see so that's really it's sad
It's really sad because if we go back to this
Those are three clones
So
They're just saying it right here wild type sars co v urbani a clone
A cDNA clone
It's transferred made into RNA and put on cultured on zero e six cells. That's exactly what they do
They have another clone
Of a mouse adapted sars co v which is ma 15 they make RNA they put it on the zero six cells
That's culturing the virus. That's how you culture a clone
And those cells spit out exosomes with that RNA in it like
It's that simple
They can even do it with the circular dna and tr and
electropyrated into the
Vero six cells and then have the Vero six cells make it into RNA and and put it out
But I don't I don't know if that works
I really think they take the dna and they make it into RNA. That was that infectious RNA on the Vero e six cells
That's how it's done
That's the standard cloning method
So the wild type sars or banny which is named after the guy who got infected by that virus
And the first patient
And that's a clone of his of the sequence of the sars
One that he was infected with it's a clone in dna
They can send that dna anywhere. They can also grow that dna in a plasmid
Or a series of plasmids five I think
in
Bacterial dna or bacterial chromosomes grow it up
Ligate it back together
And then they can convert that to RNA and put that on cell culture. They that's how they do it
They have viruses and the starting samples
Without establishing anything of the sort they can then state that the culture cells were quote
And inoculated with virus
In reality, they're not inoculated with virus. So here she's going to see it. She's going to say it as clones right here
See they have a mixture of culture cells proteins and genetic sequences along with fetal serum
Some antibiotic and antifungal agents
The nonsense then gets on stilts with the section construction of sars like chimeric viruses
Here they claim to be making a quote and features clone by using spike sequences from their samples along with quote
Six contiguous complementary dna's using published sequences
Don't take your eye off the ball here. These sequences have never been shown to come from a virus
They have simply been fraudulently classified as viral on genetic data banks from processes that never physically isolated any viruses
Okay, but she's right about that, but that doesn't matter
As i've tried to explain they find RNA and dna's signals
in the wild
And the only way to find out what these signals might do be they exosomes or or waste or
Horror packets of information or noise
Is to make a clone of them put them on a cell culture and see what they do
Do they replicate or not?
Guess what? Ralph barracks already figured out it seems that if you have a certain minimum
gene set
This RNA dependent RNA polymerase and rf1a and a couple others you basically have self replicating RNA
They don't understand it, but that's what they found in these in these samples. That's how I understand it
And so if they make a dna copy of it
They can make enough of that RNA and then put it in a cell culture. It seems to replicate for a little while
If they run a gel they actually see the RNA replicating, but it makes a lot of
Subgenomic RNA so they don't really fully understand how the system works
But they get a few full genomes. It seems to replicate
It's kind of cool
I admit that they don't understand it
But I can tell you for absolute certain that using this six
These little dna after the plasmids containing the wild type genome frameworks are amplified exercise ligated and purified
In vitro transcription reactions were then performed to synthesize full-length genomic RNA. I assure you
That these people are capable of making this full-length genomic RNA in some quantity
And if they start with a dna
Plasmids and they grow it up in bacteria and then they ligate it with specific enzymes. I assure you they can do that
Molecular biology is real
Refuting what occurs when they make these sequences and then cells
Start to react to these sequences of being being being transfected to these sequences
By exporting them, expelling them, packaging them, whatever you want to call it
If that's not viral replication, I'm totally down with that
But if they found a way to use zero-six cells to
to package
full-length
self-replicating RNA
And then they can for a little while play with it in a laboratory
And they can make quantities of it and spray it around in the in the air
Then I assure you that they can transfect people with it
And you don't have to believe in any viruses being in the wild save an occasional
you know
RNA that gets into you and gives you some symptoms. I mean
It's hard for me to imagine that people are so insistent that
They've never they've been sick, but they themselves don't believe that it passes all this other stuff
You got to throw out a lot of
of grandmother's wisdom
to believe that there aren't
Contagious
symptomologies
Whether these contagious symptomologies are transferred by RNA or DNA noise from one kind specific to another is a question that needs answering
But there's no question that the
the substrate exists
There's no question that that substrate exists. There's no question that the immune system needs to either be responsive or tolerant to that substrate
If you want to say that that substrate is largely benign and that we don't it's not full of pandemic potential. I'm all about it
But if you're going to sit here and say that for the last 40 years
the people who have been working on
the basics on how to ligate DNA together and how to work with basic DNA
Molecules and how to make large quantities of of DNA molecules that they somewhat understand the composition of I'm afraid I've got you lost me there
Because it isn't an illusion that some of these geneticists have this idea that we are really close to being able to do
something useful
Because we are starting to get tools that are
Surprisingly accurate in their application to a certain extent
And so it is easy to imagine a future where these tools will become precise enough to be used for certain limited applications given our
Limited understanding of how these things work
But you must see how deceptive it is if you're just so dismissive
to all of the molecular biology here that you can't
usefully differentiate between
the exaggeration
of a natural phenomenon
That's RNA and DNA floating around and calling it pathogens calling it pandemic potential
And and kind of going like oh wow, that's that's a little far far fetched and saying it's all lies even this
They can't make a lot of DNA
They can't make a lot of DNA of the sequence that they want
They can't make a lot of DNA of the sequence they want and then turn it into RNA. No, they can't
Of course they can
And so even if these self replicating RNAs aren't something that exists in the wild in any quantity or something that
They are making up out of whole cloth. They can do it like this and lie about it
And those cells may very well package exesomes full of this
subgenomic RNA and full genomes and cause
immunogenic reactions and all this other stuff, but what are they doing then?
They're not just playing here
If you believe that there are no viruses in the wild and that this is evidence of it
And you believe that they are telling stories about gain of function and this is evidence of it
Then you must explain this and the best most parsimonious
forward-looking
evil acknowledging
Explanation is that this is just a massive cover-up for them trying to find ways
To advance their understanding of genetic technologies
So they got these self replicating RNAs and they say that they found them in the wild so that they can pretend that they're working on wild things
When in reality they could be goofing around in the laboratory with self replicating RNAs that they call viruses
But this is really technology
And the way they make it is through this infectious clone thing this recombinant DNA
Turned into RNA and then they transfect stuff with it
Now wouldn't that be a much more
A much more invigorating and motivating and enticing explanation for this biology than just saying
Oh, don't watch the ball. They're making fun of you. They're making all kinds of stuff up
Kevin McCurnan isn't lying about everything
You think that that buck halter guide a buck halts guy does nothing. Well, you're crazy
What they do they do well
What they do they can do with pretty high precision
How that transfers to the wild how that transfers to the natural world how that transfers to
A patient is very different
But in laboratory conditions
With laboratory generated DNA laboratory generated enzymes laboratory directed evolution optimized enzymes
We can do a lot with DNA
And that means we can make a lot of pure or relatively pure RNA
You don't believe there's any self replicating RNA or DNA viruses in the wild. That's great
But if you don't think that people have been trying to figure out how to make something like that
Now that's that's a completely
Gigantically ridiculous position
But it's very convenient for the people who do it
Because then there's no challenge from
Sam Bailey and her followers to any of the dangers that are represented here
Shouldn't Sam Bailey then really be saying that the real danger is gene drives
The real danger is directed evolution of enzymes and toxins
Why isn't she saying that then?
Because she doesn't understand that biology. She doesn't read those papers or she thinks those papers are nonsense too
That's where this little magic show breaks down
There's no next step
It's just all nonsense
They're just throwing millions of dollars out the window on stinky bottles of brown liquid that they do nothing
And all these people are so stupid that they they really don't get it
Those gels and everything they're so excited and those patterns and everything, but it means nothing
I
Wow what a spectacular bamboozlement nice using published sequences
Don't take your eye off the ball here. These sequences have never been shown to come from a virus
They have simply been fraudulently classified as viral on genetic data banks from processes that never physically isolated any viruses
These complementary DNA sequences were then transcribed into RNA and mixed with zero monkey kidney cells to supposedly make viruses
So the statement that chimeric and full-length viruses were confirmed by sequence analysis before using these studies
As a case of circular reasoning. They had already declared in advance that these sequences were viral
That's true. That's true. So she's making a semantic argument here
Right. So the sequences are real
But they made them
And then they put them into a cell culture and whatever the cell culture did with it
They sequenced and said that was evidence of a virus. So I totally agree
But
I
disagree with the
attribution that there's nothing going on in this experiment because what's happening
Is the DNA is being changed to RNA
And you're getting a large quantity of RNA that you would never have in the wild never exist in the wild
And then they take that RNA and they put it on a pure cell culture
and
The cell culture releases particles
supposedly
And it could just be that they put a bunch of RNA on that
on
That cell culture and then when they
They dissociate the cell culture now they have have cell fragments and membrane fragments and
Mycels
full of RNA
Basically, they're making lipid nanoparticles by by
by cell culture
So they put all those RNAs in the cell culture and then they break up the cell culture into small little lipid bubbles and they have
made like
garage level
Mycels
M-I-C
E-L-L-E
Right, I think that's the word. It's like big lipid nanoparticle
So I totally agree with this argument except
the idea that
This isn't sufficient to create the illusion of a pandemic
That they couldn't make truckloads of this and spray it around
And that people wouldn't get sick from it. Of course they would get sick from it. It's RNA in a lipoprotein coat
And so if this is a way of manufacturing RNA in a lipoprotein coat and it's not a virus, but it's something
Then what you're really uncovering is is that gain of function research and viral research in coronavirus is in particular is really
a giant cover for bioweapons research for genetic research really
And the only way that they can come up with a rationale
for exploring genetic research in this way with self-replicating RNAs is to
disguise them as viruses and then they get the added bonus of this perpetuating this mythology of
Mother nature of being out to get us and that you know, you need public health and vaccines
So why aren't they on that part? You see
That's the part that bothers me too. They're so hot
on CHD and the viruses
But CHD's main message is that the vaccine schedule in America is is like
criminal
And so if you agree with CHD on that which I presume Sam Bailey does
Then why would you want to attack CHD so hard? Why wouldn't you want to be more like, you know, CHD is a great organization
And they're really fighting for the right things except they get this virus story wrong
Instead, it's 100% antagonism 100% taking the legs out
Of one of the only organizations in America that's really trying
And is composed of people who have real skin in the game
like Brian Hooker and
and Laura Bono and
And yeah, I mean the list is very long
Real people
And it's just not a it's not in in 2023. Are we really still here?
That they don't have a better more succinct stick
That they can get to the heart of the matter quicker
I mean, are they going to analyze New Zealand's all-cause mortality at some point and start to get pissed off about people being
Transfected or are they just going to be stuck on this isolation issue forever?
Doesn't matter whether they were in the form of CDNA or RNA
Unfortunately, this quote infectious clown business has fooled a number of people's who can uh, I do believe Mark Bailey believes in in
Um, in bacteriophages. Absolutely. I think he does continue to ignore the provenance issue
If there is no physical isolation of any particle shown to be viral
How can it be claimed that these sequences come from inside one?
So at this point all they have are
Vero cell mixtures including various proteins and genetic sequences
To clarify a virus is said to be a replication competent particle
Consisting of a genome and approach a nation's coat
It is supposed to be an intracellular parasite that causes disease
Anyone thinking that this has been established at this point is seeing things
The methodology is clearly insufficient to make such a claim
Their case rests on starting with samples from the us army medical research institute of infectious diseases
And you would have to be pretty new to this game to believe that they have ever physically isolated any viruses
Such a sweet kid
We then move to the next section of the barrack study
mice and in vivo infection
Where they exposed mice to their mixture that contained the imaginary viruses
Not just any mice, but highly inbred albino ba alb mice
They inethetize the mice and then squirted 50 microliters into the nose of each mouse
This may not sound like much fluid
But by weight it is equivalent to injecting half a cup or four fluid ounces into a human's nose
While they are asleep the tomfoolery continued when they stated
No blinding was used in any animal experiments and animals were not randomized
They presented this chart showing weight loss and lethality after injecting the two mixtures into the mice
Because it was not a scientific study. There was no control group and the actual lethality was apparent mostly caused by
Sacrifice due to the study protocols
But however, they abused these animals
It was all pointless from the start as they have not shown an infectious particle
Thus all of their results are built on a false premise
For example, this does not represent a quote viral tighter or
infection
But levels of selected nucleic acid sequences in their in vitro cell culture experiments
The study also features some histological slides and antibody essays without valid controls again
But aside from that, they are all indirect measures that do not require the existence of viruses
So there is the trick, right?
They are all indirect measures that do not require the existence of viruses and could also be explained by
Transfection could also be explained by exposure to the RNA not the replication of it
It could be the exposure to the cell culture materials and not the replication of it very possible
But it's hard for me to imagine that they're making these clones and that they're not doing it well
I
Have used
in particular a product an adenovirus product where DNA is used in adenovirus
in particles to
Transfect neurons
in the brain of a mouse
under specific genetic promoters
and
The precision with which we can do that in the short term is extraordinary
now
again
it is
Out of my
Expertise to be able to say whether what I was getting from the suppliers and from the people that were making them for me were
we're actually bona fide
adenoviruses
But what they did and what we were capable of doing with them was very predictable very precise
and very repeatable
And although I could not verify directly that the genes were being expressed the fluorescence showed up where it should be
and their sensitivity to blue light was within milliseconds
of the application of the laser
And I was recording ionic currents in real time using patch clamp physiology with a resolution far far far
beyond what is necessary to see that these signals are real
So we can put RNA and DNA into neurons in a mouse and get them to express proteins
which have functional consequences that can include
rapid open and closing of protein channels to blue light
rapid and open and closing of channels that are gated by drugs
And we can upregulate and downregulate protein expression we can interfere with it with
small interfering RNAs
And we can make lots of copies of those small interfering RNAs
that are accurate enough to knock down one protein and not another
one
Sub-transcript of another one subunit of a protein or another
And these are not
unchecked or unrepeated experiments. They are done worldwide
Asking different questions. So molecular biology exists
The question is do wild viruses exist?
And that's the part that they get wrong because they really really are careless about how they talk about this stuff
So imprecise that oftentimes they are in effect in the minds of the listener
Throwing out all of molecular biology with the virology bathwater
So here it is a colorful depiction. It was certainly created in a lab, but
it's not a virus
Vanity Fair did not bother to analyze this paper in any way and reported that this gain of function
Experiment which had begun prior to the moratorium was so fraught that the authors flagged the dangers themselves
Writing scientific review panels may deem similar studies too risky to pursue
The only risk they're running is that more people start waking up to the fraud of virology
Instead of so I just want to entertain what Moderna has just put in the chat at 1102
Are you damaged the mouse neurons that you think you found a signal?
So i'm not going to take that
Personally just because that shows exactly how
Like shallow your understanding is of what i'm talking about and that's okay because
I'm making a pretty casual reference to a pretty sophisticated set of technologies and their use in
laboratory animals
but we can express
algal proteins
in mouse neurons
And use blue lasers to make those neurons spike
or have sub
threshold signals
on the timescale of close to
a 10th of a millisecond on and off
And depending on the fluorescence of the neuron we can also predict the relative
Magnitude of that signal because we have a tag on those
On those ion channels and so the more of them there are
The more fluorescent the
Neuron will be and that is linearly related to the electrical signal we see when we turn on the blue light. It's not damage
The neurons are functioning normally the animals are behaving normally
And we can modify the behaviors by turning on the red the blue light because those neurons then function differently when they are depolarized by the algal protein
And you can't use it for everything
But with elegant application of
Transfection of this
Of this methodology you can do very ask very elegant questions about how neurons work together. You can't cure cancer
But we're talking about very basic
Questions on how neurons talk to one another that's that's the neurobiology that matters
that's the
Stuff that I was interested in doing that you can't get grants for because because you're not trying to cure a disease
You're not trying to make a vaccine
So try not to be too
Too dismissive of what
Academic biologists are capable of and what academic biology does when it's done right
There is good science in every field. There are good questions being asked. There are
worthwhile experiments
The question is are there a hundred billion dollars worth of good experiments being done and the answer is obviously no
But there are good scientists out there who can ask ask very basic questions that move that basic understanding forward
And there are lots of applications of Transfection that work great for that
Molecular biology is real
That's what's frustrating about their stick because it really feels like they want you to cast
Has wide a net of doubt as possible
On as wide a field base as possible in biology and that's a really big mistake
Lab lakes that look like something out of outbreak. They will understand. Oh, come on now. Really
Really I didn't say I was playing with live viruses
I said I was transfecting and transforming cells using DNA and RNA and some protein you know
Some coat
Some particle some application I get a little tube
It's got DNA in it
I mean, this is where you know, you start to sound like
That this this little shtick has worked on you
Because you're not sophisticated enough to know where the bs starts
And that's exactly what people like kevin mccernan kevin mccernan chuck kownan
Is that with their
Really stupid complicated explanations about how these sequencing reactions work
We're just going to go limp and not learn the details well enough so that we know where the real
You know bonafide measurements can be made and where the bs starts
And if you're not willing to do that work
And you shouldn't be in this audience because this audience is doing that work in real time
And it's kind of sad if you want to sit in the chat and then
Rag on me and defend her when this is exactly what she's doing
Casting such a wide doubt a net of doubt that she would throw out
Almost any anything that works anything that's measurable anything that's understandable with respect to these signals
It's just a it's just a it's just terrible disingenuousness
That like the film it is pure fiction
Sadly though the headlines are being promulgated by dr mccollar rand paul and the chd
Without any of them discussing the actual science in these papers
If they are unable to understand the so-called gain of function experiments
Then shouldn't they say I don't know and leave it at that
On that front we are often asked to talk to prominent health freedom individuals who have called fraud on various covid responses
But it's still subscribing to the virus model
Almost universally they do not want to discuss the methodologies of the virologists and start discussing peripheral phenomena
As tom kowin has publicly announced several times
The offer is open to walk through a virological paper step by step
At each step we would like them to state whether they think it is following the scientific method and whether there are valid controls
We would also like them to look at a paper like the barrack one I have just presented and indicate
Which part they think demonstrates the existence of a virus as defined by the virologists
See so she's really stuck on this defining the virus and which one is defining the virus
And she doesn't want to acknowledge that infectious clones are simply transfections
And if they transfect a plate of zero six cells
They get particles that have RNA in them and if they put that RNA in an animal
They can see the RNA
Replicate for a short period of time make partial copies of itself
I don't know what they see they see an immune response that includes antibodies to some of the proteins that are encoded by the RNA
The fact that they don't understand what they're doing is very different than them doing nothing
And so by discounting the entire experiment
You're ignoring the fact that they can make that DNA
You're ignoring the fact that they can take that DNA and they combine it with a t6
polymerase and they can make it into an RNA
And they can put that RNA on a cell culture
And the cell culture will package it or put it in vesicles or something
And they can make that mixture then and they can put it somewhere else and it seems like the RNA replicates some make some copies of itself
That's already back in the 80s. Okay, so you can see the argument that we've made
And we've talked about in a book like this one
So in a book like this one
Where they tried to do what they could?
They were already doing gels like this and the gels they don't really know what they're doing
But the gels do show you one thing when one thing weighs the same as another thing
they go to the same part of the gel and so you can do pretty simple control experiments
And they could show that some of these RNAs were self-replicating
They weren't doing it very well because they were making really
Small truncated copies of certain parts of the RNA and they still don't understand why this is
But they can see leader sequences there and the leader sequences have something to do with when the RNA polymerase stops
And
So they see what I can believe for the last 20 years are some kind of really crappy
Signals of self-replicating RNA that occasionally they get a clue
And so they've been combining these
These hints these molecular things together
Hint cell cultures and colon them viruses pretended to go out into the wild and find more
But it is very very dangerous to discount all of molecular biology to discount the fact that they can make a lot of a lot of something
If they wanted to they can make a lot of DNA
If they wanted to they can make a lot of myelin
If they wanted to they can make a lot of any protein that they wanted to
If they wanted to make a lot of any RNA they could
And so if they wanted to transfect Sam Bailey and all of her family with a vaporized
RNA
I think they could do it
And if that RNA or that DNA
Was was detected with a PCR test. I think they could they could make that pretty replicable too
It might not be a self-replicating RNA pathogen
But you can't discount the fact that they have technologies to put these sequences in places
They have technologies that can transfect and express these proteins in places
That means that they can do things
That means they can create signals they can create illusions they can create real
Pathologies
Because there are real toxic proteins there are real immunogenic proteins there are real allergenic proteins
And autoimmunity is real
If you make a salmonella bacteria that can express the the myelin protein on its outside
You can cause people to go into advanced muscular multiple sclerosis by getting salmonella
That's not an imaginary story. That's a real thing
Because the immune system is a real thing
But we have to be very careful about how this no virus narrative is being wielded as this
really
Bull in a china shop style
nonsense
Where everybody who believes in anything to do with this molecular biology just has to be discounted as an idiot
And then now now mary holland and and
All of the other great leaders of chd are equivalent to tony fauci in her mind
Because now she's going to play tony fauci after she just what was that slide of?
Oh
It's not the stand that like the film it is pure fiction here sadly though
The headlines are being promulgated by dr mccollar Rand paul and the chd
Without any of them discussing the actual science in these papers
I don't know what science you're talking about. If they are unable to understand the so-called gain of function experiments
Then shouldn't they say I don't know and leave it at that
On that front we are often here
So look comedy. This is mccolla. This is the guy who
Stopped vaccinating his office until he lost his job
This is a guy who's spoke out very early about hydroxychloroquine being
Wrongly blamed for swollen hearts and heart attacks and all this other stuff and has come full
Through the pandemic all the way to the point now where he says that the vaccine schedule in america is super sketch
He actually says this in a more forceful and direct manner than robert f Kennedy jr. We'll say
She's got him on here with del and pure cori and
Who's that? Is that robert melon without him? What is that? Is that robert melon? I don't know
I just I I think this is really you know here's
Naomi wolf. I'm totally down with that. We saw Naomi wolf yesterday was
To talk to prominent health freedom individual but you don't want to talk to prominent health freedom individuals because they believe in viruses and it's such a weird
It's such a weird stance because it's not it's not being genuine because they can make dna and they can make rna
And so if they're lying about what they're doing with it if they're
obfuscating what they can and can't do with it
That's something completely different and and you you could be a lot more precise about it and make a lot more progress than just saying to argue about
vigils who have called on various covid responses, but it's still subscribing to the virus model
Almost universally they do not want to discuss the methodologies of the virologists and start discussing peripheral phenomena
As tom cowin has publicly announced several times
The offer is open to walk through a virological paper step by step
At each step we would like them to state whether they think it is following the scientific method and whether there are valid controls
We would also like them to look at a paper like the barrack one i have just presented and indicate
Which part they think demonstrates the existence of a virus as defined by the virologists
Ironically, they say fauci is lying when it comes to vaccines drugs and public policy
But when it comes to fauci's basic virology everything is spot-on
Because I represent science as we have explained a virus mania
Fauci has been one of the major drivers of establishment virology for the past four decades
And was probably the most powerful AIDS official in the united states
Public belief in the virus model is the single most important factor keeping the whole show together
Coming back to the title of the video. It means that there is no evidence that viruses exist in nature
Trying to find and isolate such particles directly from humans animals or plants failed long ago
Christine massy has tirelessly requested this evidence from hundreds of institutions around the world and they have all turned up a blank
Not only for SARS-CoV-2, but for any alleged viruses
This point is crucial for people to understand
Viruses have never been seen in nature
They are created in laboratories, but only as fictional constructs in the imaginations of the virologists
This can be through calling particles and cell breakdown experiments viral and then blaming the breakdown on the particles
Or it could be through silly experiments where mixtures are injected into animals
And then the responses are attributed to imagined viruses or it could be through creating a quote genome
Even though the provenance of the genetic material was not established
This latter technique is increasingly favored by virologists as it largely takes place in the dry lab
That is on their computer simulations
None of this translates to infectious replicating and disease causing particles as biological entities
Because there is no evidence that they exist there is no evidence that there is anything contagious to leak from a lab
So what goes on in top secret facilities is nothing to do with actual viruses
If they really had evidence for such a thing they would have showcased it to the public long ago
Those who have studied the history of virology can see that despite their best efforts
They have a fatal problem of the missing virus
The lab leaks sleuths who are mining the genetic databases and looking at government reports
Are not finding breadcrumbs accidentally left behind by stealthy virologists
They are finding giant lobes of bread that are designed to go along with the circus
If they looked upstream they might notice that they are dealing with pseudo scientific constructs
Perhaps they should consider why the virologists have not done the blinded and controlled experiments
That we propose to them in the settling the virus debate statement
As always I encourage everyone not to get swept up in fair narratives
The virus model has been one of the greatest tools of manipulation
And its influence has been catastrophic
Particularly in the last four years
Many of us have learned to ignore the model in our own lives and the health of our families is all the better for it
So when I have a big problem with the way that this goes because
Is your family better for it because you ignore that there are viruses
Or is it because you stopped using or never used vaccines
So
That's the problem that I have with her then attacking chd because chd has an open mind about
The biology and a not open mind about the
The medical application of vaccines for this
And one of them is really hurting people
And the other one is
Actually not hurting people really
Except for if they believe in it and then if they believe in it they still have to take back scenes in order for them to get hurt
So
On the other hand if the government is using these stories of gain of function as cover for
them looking for
Signals in the wild that can be useful in genetic engineering
because exosomes are real
and
There is a whole field of biology
that works on exosomal communication between tissues
and
between
species
between con specifics
And it's just a very very difficult
size scale
to work on
so
It is very likely
That a background signal composed of RNA and DNA and enzymes or or RNA and DNA coding for enzymes
is there
Because cells send signals to each other because the immune system sends signals to other parts of the immune system using these small packets of information
But a
A conflated background signal that has been
You know distorted into a signal of pathogens. I'm totally down with this idea
I'm not totally down with it being like about
about the pretty girl
I'm totally not down with it being about the
the
It's this is not about this is something wrong with this
Because we're not doing the hard work of okay, so they're they're lying about this stuff
And they're they've exaggerated about this stuff and a lot of these experiments don't have controls
But what do we do about all of this technology which can make large quantities of DNA and large quantities of RNA?
What do we do about that technology?
Do you actually think that they're not doing anything with it?
Do you actually think that all of these labs are doing nothing?
Or do you think that they're actually using this very highly developed RNA and DNA technology for something?
That's the part of this that's so frustrating
Is because we're we're contorting and distorting
Taking away
Support from an organization full of people trying to do their best to end the scam of vaccines
And the only thing you can say is that they're just dummies because they don't they don't know how to read a virology paper like me and my husband do
And then wave your wave your hair around and take pictures like this
And pump
pump plastic into your lips
Seriously, I tried to talk to her in the first year of the pandemic and she wouldn't do an interview with me
I mean at some point I really thought that they were actually pretty good people
And just that they were they just needed to understand that
There might not be wild viruses, but they figured out a way to make little tiny
Self-replicating RNAs and they're playing around with them and calling them viruses
And maybe some of these self-replicating RNAs are signals that we use ourselves that other animals use themselves
Maybe they're especially abundant in in bats for all I know
But they're not going to get these ideas from nowhere. They're not going to find these little genes nowhere
But they do find them I kind of believe that
But
The question of them being a signal of a pathogen or a signal of a pathogenic potential even is a bit over the day that it's a bit ridiculous
A bit exaggerated. I'm totally fine with that
But I'm not fine with attacking everybody on the health freedom unit side
With one blanket attack of well, they won't accept it that they can't read virology like we can read it
They don't understand this biology like we do
All of those people are crazy and me and my husband were the best
And Tom Cowan too, he's great
But I'm not going to mention Andy Kaufman anymore because he's kind of a weirdo and he spoke about exosomes for the first year
I think this is very disingenuous
I'd be happy to have them on my show
To discuss this and to discuss what what infectious clones might be
And what these applications might be
um
And how easy it would be for them to seed the molecular biology of a pandemic and claim that it is there and actually try to perpetuate this
Idea of their being pathogenic viruses out there and that they're very dangerous and that some of them could be getting a function
We totally agree on this
In fact
It's in this book
That we agree on that
That the molecular biology exists for them to create the illusion of a pandemic right down to the sequences right down to the limited
Culturability of it
And that's the part that I believe that these people are wittingly or unwittingly covering up
That yes, there are very little good evidence for wild viruses with any
Real capability of causing spreading pathogenesis over a long period of time
There's almost there's no evidence for that not very good at all
And our best chance at understanding that kind of phenomenon would be the polio virus or the measles virus or something like that
maybe pertussis
Or whooping cough
But the bottom line is is that we don't understand how our immune system deals with these signals
We don't understand the significance of these signals. We're not really sure how they work or how they become generated
And we do know that the military
And the government have a vested interest in us not understanding that on the back of this
Is a multi-billion dollar effort to understand how to augment the genome and so we have used every trick in the book
to allow us to explore
the broad
applications of
Transfection and transformation
And the broad search for ways to accomplish it
And if gain-of-function virology is an elaborate mythology to hide their
Experimenting experimenting with these technologies. I'm totally down with that
But if we're going to stop at there are no viruses and everybody who thinks that there's a virus
I don't care what else they're fighting for health freedom-wise. I'm not going to work with them
That I think you're full of it. I think you're full of it. That's what I think. I think you're full of it
If you enjoyed this video, please visit support.disam.com
I don't know. I don't I don't I don't like that. I just don't think it's
It's as genuine as they want you to believe it is. I just don't think it is
So that's that's all I'm going to say about that. I think I don't need to say any more about that
And in fact, I think I'm just going to summarize it right here
that
That's this one
and I just
I can't believe that
You know
after spending a full year almost
Talking about how the PCR is nonsense
She mentioned PCR in exactly one sentence at the very beginning of the video and then never again
as to how that could be used to fool people
And I think that's a much better
argument than some of these other things about there being a virus or no virus because it is very complicated for
For the average person to understand
These subtle arguments about well, what's a virus and what's a clone and all this other stuff?
It takes a lot of background knowledge, but
To say that they were using a test that basically detected a conflated background signal is pretty easy for everybody to understand
And that was a story that they were pushing for the first year that they don't push anymore at all ever
Strange right because I told you that that's what they do. They don't say anything about that
And it essentially protects the faith because it's such an absurd
Position that it doesn't threaten the faith at all
The position that threatens the faith is when you start identifying that the faith is the novel virus
It's not that there's no RNA and DNA floating out there. It's not that our immune systems don't do anything
It's not that our immune systems aren't challenged by mother nature all the time
It's that that challenge has been grossly exaggerated
and that challenges
Threat to you has been grossly exaggerated relative to the threats of
malnutrition and
Toxins in your environment toxins that you put on your skin, etc, etc, etc
And so it's just a weird
message that's missing so much of
the precision that that we're trying to get and
You know in a lot of ways as I said on this notes and elsewhere we agree
We agree that the gain of function story is a complete hoax
We agree that they actually set out to use that as a hoax
We agree that they use that hoax to fool people in believing that wow we caught him in a lie
And that's how they got people to believe that there was a pandemic. I absolutely agree with that
But why and how did they do it?
With really intentional lies with very very wicked lies
About sequences and about culturing
And about the significance of infectious clones
And it's really curious that she actually
Said infectious clones in that video and actually failed to explain it
But just explained it away as fake. It's not viruses. No, it's not viruses because viruses can't make
Pure quantities of an RNA genome. They can't it's they can't find that in the wild. We talked about that
Of course they can't
But as best we can tell it seems like they can find some signal that resembles the
the
Resemble something of an RNA signal that can be moved between animals
And
So their best approximation of it is an infectious clone
And is it a good approximation? No, it's completely different. It's completely synthetic
It's completely way pure that anything that's ever been in nature ever will be
Because RNA doesn't do that
And so do they ever talk about why they're doing this? Do they ever talk about it?
Do they ever say that if you don't believe in viruses that'll keep the digital idea way
Do they ever say that if you don't believe in viruses that'll keep the CBDC away
Do they ever talk about just stop, you know
She spent 18 minutes telling people that there's no viruses, but then that's an indirect statement
I guess we shouldn't take the vaccines or or what
What about the vaccine schedule
What about all the other issues that that people want to understand or is it just about viruses? I don't know
I think that was a
Pretty fair evaluation of a pretty disingenuous presentation that zeroed in on
CHD children's health defense
Joseph Mercola and a few other people for no good reason
other than to
I guess draw attention to support Sam Bailey.com
I really don't understand
What the motivation is there
They really are fighting for some good things
But because they don't agree with us and can't read virology like we can they're just on the bench like everybody else
Haha, the danger is the eliminated the elimination of the control group. She also didn't say that at all
She also didn't say anything about intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb
That's actually a really pretty straightforward statement that gets a lot of work done really quick
And doesn't make people grind their gears about a lot of virus realer. Did they uh
Are they able to isolate viruses or is a FOIA request?
Proof that they don't buy aisle
I don't understand if you get a FOIA request
And they answer it. Does that mean that they didn't isolate the virus or they did isolate the virus?
Transfection in healthy humans is criminally negligent. Thanks for joining me tonight. I'll see you guys tomorrow
Boop-bye
Ego is not questioning yourself what
It's a fair question. I don't even know what you're talking about anymore
Should actually make you rethink your methods
Looking for an immune response to i g i g g what are you talking about?
I didn't know man. I don't know
I'll keep reading your chat for a little while, but uh, I honestly I think you're struggling there fella
Just start treading water for a little while and uh, I'll go back to immunology 101 in a week or so
Um, and and we'll start talking about stuff again
I
Don't know. I don't know what to tell you sunday. I'm presenting to the uh
To the doctors, uh, the medical doctors for covid ethics in the uk the group that's hosted by
uh, steven frost
Uh, monday morning. I'm gonna have uh j about a charia on and monday
I guess that's really early monday afternoon and then monday early evening. Um, I think at six o'clock
Eastern time. I'm gonna have peter mccullis. So monday is a big day for me
Um, and sunday
I'm gonna be presenting to the doctors in the uk
So that'll be a good
summary and maybe you'll even get some of your clone thing that you want in there and a little bit more about the pcr and a
Little bit more details about the science and the backing it up again. You know, it's been three years doing this already
It's not like uh, the the papers aren't out there. It's just getting tiring after a while
You know, I kind of feel like the balies, you know, if you don't want to listen to all the stuff that I did before
Well, then i'm not going to talk to you now
I'm just kidding. I'll see you guys again tomorrow
The ego out take the ego out he says take the ego out
He tried to be on stream for three years straight
Shaking a can on the internet and tell me about ego. I got none brother. I got none
You